Interview questions in todays client (Mercedes Benz ) round of deloitte..
1. Tell me about yourself
2. What all resources you have created in azure.
3. How will you integrate akv and aks
4. What are two ways to access the akv secret.
5. Have you used ingress controller.?
6. Is it recommeded to use app gateway as ingress controller.What are the draw backs of using app gateway as ingress controller.
7. Have you written ingress controller yaml file, what are the key specifications in it?
8. Have you worked on traffic ingress controller.
9. Have you worked on app gateway.
10. How will you configure frontend and backend in app gateway.
11. Where you can set the priority for backend.
12. What is listener in app gateway
13. What is backend setting in app gateway
14. What security points will you consider while setting up an AKS cluster.
15. How can you change the sku of an existing cluster without any downtime? Is it possible?
16. Can you create multiple node pools in cluster.
17. Within one node pool can you create nodes with different os type.
18. How you organize code in terraform.
19. How tfvar and variable file are interlinked.
20. How can you create  conditions in terraform and its syntax.
21. How will you point your local branch to remote branch without creating the remote branch locally.
22. How will you setup pipeline from scratch.
23. If your storage acc is private how will your agent reach storage account from azure devops .
24. Explain pvt endpoint and service endpoint
25. Which one takes priority. Tfvar, variable tf and -variable-file as inputs.
26. Can we use two pools in same pipeline and how?
27. How will you setup conditions in job execution in sequence on completion of previous job.
28. How will you run jobs in parallel.
29. Explain complete structure of terrafom pipeline.
30. If your pipeline is hosted in repo A and variables in repo B..how will you set trigger for any changes in repo B
31. What is the main purpose of having environments specific var files.
32. How does monitoring work in backend.
33. How you use grafana and datadog in monitoring.
34. How do you integrate datadog.
35. How does datadog visualise specific pods for a particular application.